hi everyone welcome to India for the
speech dirty today I am going to make
besan barfi
that is muggers let us see the
ingredients 1 cup of basing flour 3/4
cup of sugar and some pine nuts and some
candies colorful candies for garnishing
and one cup of ghee let us see how to
prepare this mugga sweet first of all I
take 1 cup of ghee and 1 cup of milk
both are taking now micros a
microwave-safe bound and then now I'm
going to keep this mixture into the
microwave for 1 minute now 1 minute
passed now I'm going to take it out that
yeah
or millet Michelle is ready you know I'm
going to pour this milk Anki mixture
into that Basin flour mix it well
mix it very well we thought this balls
otherwise on the sweet will not come and
a smoothie mix it very well our basement
floor mixer is ready and before that
heat the pan with the ghee yeah only is
heater no no I'm going to add this base
in flour into the pan
yes we should continuously stir it stir
this mixture continuously like this
otherwise it will stick in to the pan
you add more ghee then only this Michel
will get dry mix it continuously then
only we get a nice smooth sweet mix it
like this
still this mixture like this i will move
the raw smell of basing flock otherwise
because when every Villita certain we
get to the raw smell of baking flour
when you get a moisture like this still
use to this Misha and to move the raw
smell of baking flour
after you get this consistency now I'm
going to add a drop of water on the top
of the way simpler you go to the tici or
sound after that if you turn off the
flame now I'm going to add our sugar
after turn off the flame only I am going
to add the sugar now stir it
continuously
stir the mixture like this until the
sugar mixed with the basic flower still
the sides of the vessel are evasive and
the sugar will sticker sides of the
vessel now I am going to take this
batter to the ghee coated plate this is
a geek ordered plate I'm going to place
everything the top of the plate now I
spread this base in floor under geek
order plate now before it cold I'm going
to garnishing with the almonds
before make a peace fix this almond
pieces on the top of the basin floor I
am going to fix this candy because my
daughter like the candy very much
leave this mixture this feet for at
least half an hour after that we will
make a pieces our yummy and tasty base
in Buffy is ready
that is the mughals is ready to serve
try it yourself
send your valuable commands to
www.engvid.com